iAPI Docs: Fix typos, code errors, and inaccuracies in the documentation (#76636)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/interactivity-api/core-concepts/the-reactive-and-declarative-mindset.md

For example, you can push a new item to an array like this:

```js
const { state } = store( 'myArrayPlugin', {
	state: {
		list: [ 'item 1', 'item 2' ],
	},
	actions: {
		addItem() {
			// Preferred — direct mutation:
			state.list.push( 'new item' );

> 			// Unnecessary — this works, but direct mutation is simpler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			// Unnecessary — this works, but it's more complex and can cause unnecessary rerenders.
```
